Spring Core

Why is spring framework ?
Whar are the advantages of using spring framework ?
What is IOC container?
What is spring bean ?
What is dependency injection ?
Difference b/w setter and constructor injection ?
What are the different bean scops ?
What are the modules in spring framework ?
What is bean life cycle ?
What are the different implementation of IOC container in spring framework ?
Difference between bean factory and application context ?
What is bean autowiring ?
What are the stereotype annotations ?
How many ways we can create spring bean ?
What are the commonly use annotations in spring framework ?
What is the use of @Primary annotation ?
Spring MVC Explain the execution flow of spring mvc application ?

String Boot

What is spring boot ?
What are the features of Spring boot ?
what are the annotations use in spring boot ?
Can we apply @Component annotation in place of @service ?
What is the use @Inject and @Named ?
What @SpringbootApplication annotation contains ?
How to use two different databases for one spring boot application?
How spring boot does dependency management?
List down some spring boot starter projects that you use in your project ?
How to exclude default tomcat server ?
How to enable jetty server in spring boot application ?
How you will disable auto configuration ?
How to configure two different beans of spring boot class ?
When and where to use @Bean annotation ?
What is actuator ? Why we need to use it ?
What are the rest end points comes under actuator ?
How to pass custom information in actuator ?
What is the difference between YAML file and properties file ? Which is preferred ?
How to read properties from properties ?
What is command line runner ? What is the use of it ?
What is spring boot profiles ? why we need them ? how to dynamically activate profile ?
What is auto Configuration in spring boot ?
What is developer tool in spring boot ?
How to write custom sql query in Repository layer ?
What is the use of @Param annotation ?
How to handle global exception in spring boot ?
What is the purpose of the @RequestBody annotation?
Rest API

What is REST ?
What is the difference between Soap and Rest ?
What is Resource ?
What are the best practices while designing restful services?
What is safe and unsafe methods ?
What is the difference between post and put method ?
What is patch method ?
What is the difference between put and patch ?
What are the annotations that you frequently use in rest ?
How to switch request and response data format from json to xml?
What is the difference between @GetMapping and @RequestMapping ?
What is the difference between @RequestParam and @PathVariable ?
What are different http status code responses ?
What is the difference between @RestController and @Controller ?
How did you handle exceptions in your restful service project ?
What is payload ?
what is the flow of execution of rest api application?